Release 3.1.0 (#608)
Parsely/wp-parsely: README.md

- Get started with Parse.ly right away: the plugin automatically inserts the required metadata and JavaScript on all your published pages and posts.
- Choose what format the metadata takes, and whether logged-in users should be included in the analytics.
- Using it in a decoupled setup? Parse.ly adds metadata to the REST API output for pages, posts and optionally other object types.
- If you've purchased access to the Parse.ly API, add a widget to your site with article recommendations personalized to individual users.

Feedback, suggestions, questions or concerns? Open a new [GitHub issue](https://github.com/Parsely/wp-parsely/issues) or email us at [support@parsely.com](mailto:support@parsely.com). We always want to hear from you!

## Installation

> The plugin requires an active Parse.ly account. Parse.ly gives creators, marketers, and developers the tools to understand content performance, prove content value, and deliver tailored content experiences that drive meaningful results. [Sign up for a free trial of Parse.ly](http://www.parsely.com/trial/?utm_medium=referral&utm_source=wordpress.org&utm_content=wp-parsely).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The plugin requires an active Parse.ly account. Parse.ly gives creators, marketers, and developers the tools to understand content performance, prove content value, and deliver tailored content experiences that drive meaningful results. [Sign up for a free demo of Parse.ly](https://www.parsely.com/getdemo?utm_medium=referral&utm_source=wordpress.org&utm_content=wp-parsely).
```

I was correcting the link protocol and noticed it 404s. This seems to be the best analog.

This choice of objects types can be further changed by using the `wp_parsely_rest_object_types` filter.

Example:

```
// Disable REST API output from pages, but enable for term archives.
add_filter(
	'wp_parsely_rest_object_types',
	function( $object_types ) {
		$object_types = array_diff( $object_types, array( 'page' ) );
		$object_types[] = 'term';
		return $object_types;
	}
);
```

The `parsely` field contains the following fields:
 - `version`, which is a string identifying the version of the REST API output; this will be updated if changes are made to the output, so consuming applications can check against it.
 - `meta`, which is an array of metadata for the specific post, page or other object type.
 - `rendered`, which is the rendered HTML of the metadata for the post, page or other object type. This will be a JSON-LD `<script>` tag, or a set of `<meta>` tags, depending on the format selected in the plugin settings. The decoupled code can consume and use this directly, instead of building the values from the `meta` field values.

> The `rendered` field is a convenience field containing the HTML-formatted meta data which can be printed to a decoupled page as is.

Reviewer 2: "meta data" -> "metadata"?
